OSDOCS#12591: About page reorg (#87955)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/openshift-use-cases.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * welcome/openshift-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="openshift-use-cases_{context}"]
== Use cases

> Red Hat OpenShift is widely adopted across industries to support various use cases, enabling organizations to modernize applications, optimize infrastructure, and enhance operational efficiency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} is widely adopted across industries to support various use cases, enabling organizations to modernize applications, optimize infrastructure, and enhance operational efficiency.
```

Author: This content would be available to all the Openshift and not just for OCP hence the blanket term.

OpenShift virtualization::

> * Provides a unified platform helping manage virtual machines (VMs) and containers parallely, streamlining operations and reducing complexity.

Reviewer: Maybe simplify this a bit (I had no idea parallelly is a word! The GitHub spell checker is unaware of it, too.) 
```suggestion
* Provides a unified platform for managing virtual machines (VMs) and containers in parallel, which streamlines operations and reduces complexity.
```

> * Provides robust infrastructure to scale VM workloads efficiently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Provides a robust infrastructure to scale VM workloads efficiently.
```

* Provides enhanced security features to protect VM environments, ensuring compliance and data integrity.
+

> For detailed implementation guidelines and a sample architecture, refer to the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7067871[OpenShift Virtualization - Reference Implementation Guide]. This document offers best practices for deploying OpenShift as a hosting solution for virtualization workloads, catering to environments transitioning from platforms like VMware Cloud Foundation, VMware vSphere Foundation, Red Hat Virtualization, and OpenStack to OpenShift Virtualization.

Reviewer: The word _catering_ could be misconstrued as something negative (Catering to Your Audience, for example). 
```suggestion
For detailed implementation guidelines and a sample architecture, refer to the link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/7067871[OpenShift Virtualization - Reference Implementation Guide]. This document offers best practices for deploying {product-title} as a hosting solution for virtualization workloads, designed for environments that are transitioning from platforms such as VMware Cloud Foundation, VMware vSphere Foundation, Red Hat Virtualization, and OpenStack to OpenShift Virtualization.
```
Per ISG, [don't use _like_ for _such as_](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#l).

> Application Modernization and AI/ML Operations::

Reviewer: Per doc guidelines: [Sentence case in headings](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#assemblymodule-titles-and-section-headings).
```suggestion
Application modernization and AI/ML operations::
```
Also, should we spell out the acronyms on first use? 
```suggestion
Application modernization and artificial intelligence and machine learning (AI/ML) operations::
```

* Enables containerization and refactoring of legacy applications.
* Preserves business logic while making applications cloud-ready and maintainable.
* Supports model training and inference workloads with standardized ML infrastructure.
* Seamlessly integrates with data science workflows.

Multi-cloud and hybrid cloud deployments::

* Provides a consistent platform across on-premises data centers and multiple public clouds.
* Helps avoid vendor lock-in and optimize workload placement.

DevOps enablement::

> * Built-in CI/CD pipelines and GitOps workflows streamline software development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Built-in continuous integration and continuous delivery (CI/CD) pipelines and GitOps workflows streamline software development.
```

* Offers developer self-service capabilities to accelerate software delivery.

Edge computing::

> * Enables distributed computing closer to data sources in industries such as telecommunications, retail, and manufacturing.

Reviewer: Are the data source in those industries? Or do we enable this for the industries? 
```suggestion
* Enables distributed computing closer to data sources for industries such as telecommunications, retail, and manufacturing.
```

Author: The emphasis is that the computing is happening near data sources within those industries, hence choosing to keep it as-is.
